Attempt to fix Issue #55184 for Hacktoberfest (#65898)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-intro.adoc

[id="osd-intro_{context}"]
= An overview of {product-title}

> {product-title} is professionally managed by Red Hat and hosted on {AWS} or {GCP}. Each {product-title} cluster comes with a fully managed xref:../architecture/control-plane.adoc#control-plane[control plane] (Control and Infrastructure nodes), application nodes, installation and management by Red Hat Site Reliability Engineers (SRE), premium Red Hat Support, and cluster services such as logging, metrics, monitoring, notifications portal, and a cluster portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} is professionally managed by Red Hat and hosted on {AWS} or {GCP}. Each {product-title} cluster comes with a fully managed link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/architecture/control-plane[control plane] (Control and Infrastructure nodes), application nodes, installation and management by Red Hat Site Reliability Engineers (SRE), premium Red Hat Support, and cluster services such as logging, metrics, monitoring, notifications portal, and a cluster portal.
```

> {product-title} is professionally managed by Red Hat and hosted on {AWS} or {GCP}. Each {product-title} cluster comes with a fully managed link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/architecture/control-plane[control plane] (Control and Infrastructure nodes), application nodes, installation and management by Red Hat Site Reliability Engineers (SRE), premium Red Hat Support, and cluster services such as logging, metrics, monitoring, notifications portal, and a cluster portal.

Reviewer: I probably should have recommended 
```suggestion
{product-title} is professionally managed by Red Hat and hosted on {AWS} or {GCP}. Each {product-title} cluster comes with a fully managed xref:../architecture/control-plane.adoc#control-plane[control plane] (Control and Infrastructure nodes), application nodes, installation and management by Red Hat Site Reliability Engineers (SRE), premium Red Hat Support, and cluster services such as logging, metrics, monitoring, notifications portal, and a cluster portal.
```

* Open source development model. Development is completed in the open, and the source code is available from public software repositories. This open collaboration fosters rapid innovation and development.

> To learn about options for assets you can create when you build and deploy containerized Kubernetes applications in {OCP}, see xref:../architecture/understanding-development.adoc#understanding-development[Understanding {OCP} development].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about options for assets you can create when you build and deploy containerized Kubernetes applications in {OCP}, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp-version}/architecture/understanding-development.html[Understanding {OCP} development].
```

> To learn about options for assets you can create when you build and deploy containerized Kubernetes applications in {OCP}, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp-version}/architecture/understanding-development.html[Understanding {OCP} development] in the {OCP} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about options for assets you can create when you build and deploy containerized Kubernetes applications in {OCP}, see xref:../architecture/understanding-development.adoc#understanding-development[Understanding {OCP} development].
```
